hello and welcome to enox
back to the start with a new one
battlefield video and this time quite
others more than usual and indeed too
finally lure this map and this
point here is just epic and that is
one invincible here
you are actually killed
that's really a problem that
has to be tackled because shoot
retrieve everything what you for the lens
runs alive that is within the
map how to shoot down and grenades fall
in here in front and makes you so good
like no harm that is really
Libya really blatant and I am me
for exploiting but what you do
could
on the spot do not overdo us
is camera to lie down because I know how
hard it is here in front even if
to lay one I know how hard it is
the camera is small to get together
or on the blog 64 first but goes
with something off if you have the cameras
it really is theirs
quite okay the kg remains everything in
order
how it all works that I show
follow you immediately
you can now too
Explain that a terrorist completely
on the right of the map , the lot determines
of looking ahead here who the
rescue already and love use also in the
of course you have to sprint otherwise
we do not pack that nicely
just jumped in full so it is good
and then keep running forward then running
the rear down there that needs to fall
Not be
yes, the thing is actually so simple
therefore secrets board but as a garden
In principle, fashion includes a load
not by then but me
would somehow be a glitch
so call the thing does not use
necessarily out and see you in the
next videos people when you bock
the team has made me I am
really crazy always just happy
about a like or 1 comment that was
of course also bonner and then yes how
said until the next videos much fun
collect at the joint and makes it good skin
purely